>> Kyle Simpson: If you wanted to
iterate over a string programmatically,
like automatically in some
sort of looping construct,
instead of calling .next over and
over again.
You could come up with
a looping construct like this.
Which makes an iterator, and
then calls .next on it, saves the result.
If the result is not done true, then grab
the results value out and then use it.
And that certainly works, but
I think we can all agree,
nobody wants to write loops like that.
And so this is a perfect example of
where we should have declarative syntax
in place of a very imperative and
hard to understand approach to the code.
And so in ES6, we added,
instead of that kind of construct,
to consume an iterator, you can now
use what's called the for of loop.
That is distinct from the for in loop and
the regular for numeric iterator loop.
The for of loop takes iterables,
meaning things that can be iterated over.
And it iterates over them, and gives you
the iterated value for each iteration.
So notice that I'm making,
manually, my own iterator,
by calling that special
Symbol.iterator location.
I'm making an iterator
instance here called IT.
And I can iterate over an iterator,
because an iterator is an iterable,
it just returns itself.
But also, line 9, I can just say for
of with the iterable itself, the string.
I can do it in either way.
One advantage of making
your own iterator is that,
if that was a function that
you wanted to call, or
call it from a different location, or
pass some sort of arguments to it,
you can make your own iterator,
and then iterate over it.
But if you're just gonna use the basic,
built-in default ones,
line 9 shows you, just do a for
of loop directly over the iterable value.
So as I said, most of the built-in data
structures that you're familiar with,
strings, arrays, sets, and
maps, and typed arrays,
all of these are iterables, which means
you can use the for of loop on them.
You can also use another syntax for
iterating over them.
Which is the dot dot dot operator.
This is the so-called
spread operator from ES6,
and the dot dot dot operator
consumes an iterator.
So here, string bean iterator on line 3.
The dot dot dot operator says, I'm gonna
go get all of those values one at a time
from the thing, and iterate them out,
and here I'm spreading it out, or
iterating it out,
into the enclosing array, line 3.
And that has, in this case, the effect of
separating a string out into an array of
its characters
>> Kyle Simpson: So dot dot dot and for
of are both syntactic support for
the iterator protocol,
which is now a first-class
built-in citizen in JavaScript.
Now, why this matters is not just
because you're gonna iterate over
characters of a string, which you,
quite frankly, probably won't do.
But why it matters that it's
now a first-class protocol,
is that that means your own
custom data structures,
if you adhere to the iterator protocol.
If you expose an iterator that adheres
to that protocol, then any user of
your code can use these syntactic built-in
mechanisms with your data structure.
So say you have a data structure that
is a map with various different objects
in it that represent location points.
And you wanna make that map iterable,
not map as in the sense of, like, a data
structure map, but like a geographical
map thing, like a Google Maps thing.
So you wanna make your
little custom map thing.
The iterable, all you have to do
is expose an iterator on it that,
when it calls .next, it returns
another one of those point objects.
And then somebody can use a dot dot dot or
a for
of loop to iterate over
your data structure.
It creates a standardized way of
iterating through data sources.